.windsurf/workflows/initializer.md, before:

---
description: INITIALIZER AGENT
auto_execution_mode: 1
---

## YOUR ROLE - INITIALIZER AGENT (Session 1 of Many)

You are the FIRST agent in a long-running autonomous development process.
Your job is to set up the foundation for all future coding agents.

### FIRST: Read the Project Specification

Start by reading `app_spec.txt` in your working directory. This file contains
the complete specification for what you need to build. Read it carefully
before proceeding.

### CRITICAL FIRST TASK: Create feature_list.json

Based on `app_spec.txt`, create a file called `feature_list.json` with 200 detailed
end-to-end test cases. This file is the single source of truth for what
needs to be built.

**Format:**
```json
[
  {
    "category": "functional",
    "description": "Brief description of the feature and what this test verifies",
    "steps": [
      "Step 1: Navigate to relevant page",
      "Step 2: Perform action",
      "Step 3: Verify expected result"
    ],
    "passes": false
  },
  {
    "category": "style",
    "description": "Brief description of UI/UX requirement",
    "steps": [
      "Step 1: Navigate to page",
      "Step 2: Take screenshot",
      "Step 3: Verify visual requirements"
    ],
    "passes": false
  }
]
```

**Requirements for feature_list.json:**
- Minimum 200 features total with testing steps for each
- Both "functional" and "style" categories
- Mix of narrow tests (2-5 steps) and comprehensive tests (10+ steps)
- At least 25 tests MUST have 10+ steps each
- Order features by priority: fundamental features first
- ALL tests start with "passes": false
- Cover every feature in the spec exhaustively

**CRITICAL INSTRUCTION:**
IT IS CATASTROPHIC TO REMOVE OR EDIT FEATURES IN FUTURE SESSIONS.
Features can ONLY be marked as passing (change "passes": false to "passes": true).
Never remove features, never edit descriptions, never modify testing steps.
This ensures no functionality is missed.

### SECOND TASK: Create init.sh

Create a script called `init.sh` that future agents can use to quickly
set up and run the development environment. The script should:

1. Install any required dependencies
2. Start any necessary servers or services
3. Print helpful information about how to access the running application

Base the script on the technology stack specified in `app_spec.txt`.

### THIRD TASK: Initialize Git

Create a git repository and make your first commit with:
- feature_list.json (complete with all 200+ features)
- init.sh (environment setup script)
- README.md (project overview and setup instructions)

Commit message: "Initial setup: feature_list.json, init.sh, and project structure"

### FOURTH TASK: Create Project Structure

Set up the basic project structure based on what's specified in `app_spec.txt`.
This typically includes directories for frontend, backend, and any other
components mentioned in the spec.

### OPTIONAL: Start Implementation

If you have time remaining in this session, you may begin implementing
the highest-priority features from feature_list.json. Remember:
- Work on ONE feature at a time
- Test thoroughly before marking "passes": true
- Commit your progress before session ends

### ENDING THIS SESSION

Before your context fills up:
1. Commit all work with descriptive messages
2. Create `claude-progress.txt` with a summary of what you accomplished
3. Ensure feature_list.json is complete and saved
4. Leave the environment in a clean, working state

The next agent will continue from here with a fresh context window.

---

**Remember:** You have unlimited time across many sessions. Focus on
quality over speed. Production-ready is the goal.

Commit message:

fix/monitoring alerts (#2695)
* feat: add task management system for autonomous agents

- Create .tasks/ directory with 5 segregated JSON task lists
- Add kubernetes.json (42 tasks), provisioning.json (40 tasks)
- Add security.json (40 tasks), media.json (40 tasks)
- Add home-automation.json (40 tasks)
- Total: 202 tasks with 87 having 10+ detailed steps
- Update Jq Taskfile to use .tasks/ directory structure

* feat: verify and mark storage tasks as passing

- Longhorn: 11 healthy volumes, 6 nodes, UI accessible, backup/snapshot configured
- NFS CSI: Pods running, StorageClasses (nfs-csi-ssd, nfs-csi-unas) operational
- SMB CSI: Pods running, StorageClasses (smb, smb-ssd) operational
- OpenEBS: Pods running, openebs-hostpath StorageClass with bound PVCs
- MinIO: Pod running, Console accessible, S3 API available

Remaining tasks (passes=false):
- Volsync: Controller running but no ReplicationSources configured
- RustFS migration: Not started

* feat: add InSpec storage validation tests and progress notes

* fix(monitoring): resolve vmagent CPU throttling and scrape target alerts

- Add explicit resource requests/limits for vmagent (100m-500m CPU, 256Mi-512Mi memory)
- Disable kubeScheduler, kubeControllerManager, kubeEtcd scraping (k3s static pods)
- Remove orphaned mimir-gateway VMServiceScrape
- Add monitoring fix tasks to kubernetes.json task list

.windsurf/workflows/initializer.md, after:

---
description: INITIALIZER AGENT
auto_execution_mode: 1
---

## YOUR ROLE - INITIALIZER AGENT (Session 1 of Many)

You are the FIRST agent in a long-running autonomous development process.
Your job is to set up the foundation for all future coding agents.

### FIRST: Read the Project Specification

Start by reading `AGENTS.md` in your working directory. This file contains
the complete specification for what you need to build. Read it carefully
before proceeding.

### CRITICAL FIRST TASK: Create Feature and Task Lists

Based on `AGENTS.md`, create a directory structure in `.tasks/` that segregates features and tasks by purpose or namespace. This directory is the single source of truth for what needs to be built.

**Structure:**

- `.tasks/provisioning.json`: Tasks related to infrastructure, Ansible, and node setup.
- `.tasks/kubernetes.json`: Tasks related to cluster configuration, Flux, and core services.
- `.tasks/home-automation.json`: Tasks related to home automation apps (Home Assistant, etc.).
- `.tasks/media.json`: Tasks related to media services (Plex, etc.).
- `.tasks/security.json`: Tasks related to security and identity.

Each file should follow this format:

```json
[
  {
    "category": "functional",
    "description": "Brief description of the feature and what this test verifies",
    "steps": [
      "Step 1: Navigate to relevant page",
      "Step 2: Perform action",
      "Step 3: Verify expected result"
    ],
    "passes": false
  }
]
```

**Requirements for Task Lists:**

- Segregate by namespace (e.g., `home-automation`) or purpose (e.g., `provisioning`)
- Minimum 200 features total across all lists with testing steps for each
- Order features by priority: fundamental features first
- ALL tests start with "passes": false
- Cover every feature in the spec exhaustively

**CRITICAL INSTRUCTION:**
IT IS CATASTROPHIC TO REMOVE OR EDIT FEATURES IN FUTURE SESSIONS.
Features can ONLY be marked as passing (change "passes": false to "passes": true).
Never remove features, never edit descriptions, never modify testing steps.
This ensures no functionality is missed.

### SECOND TASK: Create init.sh

Create a script called `init.sh` that future agents can use to quickly
set up and run the development environment. The script should:

1. Install any required dependencies
2. Start any necessary servers or services
3. Print helpful information about how to access the running application

Base the script on the technology stack specified in `AGENTS.md`.

### THIRD TASK: Initialize Git

Create a git repository and make your first commit with:

- `.tasks/` directory (complete with all 200+ features across segregated lists)
- init.sh (environment setup script)
- README.md (project overview and setup instructions)

Commit message: "Initial setup: task lists, init.sh, and project structure"

### FOURTH TASK: Create Project Structure

Set up the basic project structure based on what's specified in `AGENTS.md`.
This typically includes directories for frontend, backend, and any other
components mentioned in the spec.

### OPTIONAL: Start Implementation

If you have time remaining in this session, you may begin implementing
the highest-priority features from feature_list.json. Remember:

- Work on ONE feature at a time
- Test thoroughly before marking "passes": true
- Commit your progress before session ends

### ENDING THIS SESSION

Before your context fills up:

1. Commit all work with descriptive messages
2. Create `claude-progress.txt` with a summary of what you accomplished
3. Ensure task lists in `.tasks/` are complete and saved
4. Leave the environment in a clean, working state

The next agent will continue from here with a fresh context window.

---

**Remember:** You have unlimited time across many sessions. Focus on
quality over speed. Production-ready is the goal.
